Reference:
https://git.savannah.gnu.org/cgit/grub.git/plain/doc/multiboot2.h?h=multiboot2
https://git.savannah.gnu.org/cgit/grub.git/plain/doc/boot.S?h=multiboot2


Page Tables: (layers of virtual memory tables to map to phisical addresses)

	page tables are 512 64-bit entries, 4KiB aligned in memory.
	4 KiB alignment matches the size of the 512 64-bit entries and makes it nicer to work with as
	the lower bits of the address will be zero at the beginning of the table.

	lower bits of entry are used for address, up to 48 bits. However 12 lower bits
	are always zero since we're 4KiB aligned, so those bits are actually used for flags or reserved.
	upper bits are also reserved or used for flags.
	we only care about these bits:

	- 0 P    Present          always 1 for valid pages
	- 1 R/W  Read/Write       allow writing
	- 2 U/S  User/Supervisor  if 0, user-mode code cannot use this memory
	- 7 PS   Page Size        if 1, entry points to memory, otherwise it points to a table

	there are up to 4 levels of page tables, each subdividing the address space into 512 entries.
	we start with 512 * 512 GiB entries that point to tables of 512 * 1 GiB entries that point to
	tables of 512 * 2 MiB entries that point to 512 * 4 KiB entries. depending on page size, we stop
	at the 1 GiB, 2 MiB or 4 KiB entries. for each table level we take the next most significant
	9 bits from the address as the index

	page lookup starts from a pointer to the PML4 which is stored in register CR3.

	PML4 (page map level 4)
	  entries point to a PDP (page directory pointer).

	  PML4 entries are selected by taking bits 47:39 of the requested address as the index into the
	  table (so multiplied by 8) and then adding that to CR3, which has the lower 12 bits zeroed
	  because it's 4 KiB aligned. the two lower bits will be always zero because we are indexing
	  64-bit (8 byte) entries.

	  this means that the whole table covers 2^48 = 281474976710656 bytes = 256 TiB of memory and
	  each entry covers 256 / 512 TiB = 512 GiB of memory

	PDP (page directory pointer)
	  if we use 1 GiB pages, this points to actual memory.
	  we set the PS flag on the entry to indicate the use of 1 GiB pages.
	  otherwise, we need to go through another table and the entries point to a PD (page directory).

	  bits 38:30 of the address are the index into the table. higher bits are from the selected PML4
	  entry. again, lower 2 bits are zero because we index 8-byte entries.

	  the whole table covers 512 GiB of memory and each entry covers 1 GiB of memory

	PD (page directory)
	  if we use 2 MiB pages, this points to actual memory.
	  we set the PS flag on the entry to indicate the use of 2 MiB pages.
	  otherwise, we need to go through another table and the entries point to a PT (page table).

	  bits 29:21 of the address are the index into the table. higher bits are from the selected PDP.

	  the whole table covers 1 GiB of memory and each entry covers 2 MiB of memory

	PT (page table)
	  the entries point to actual memory.
	  bits 20:12 of the address are the index into the table. higher bits are from the selected PD.
	  the whole table covers 2 MiB of memory and each entry covers 4 KiB of memory

	finally, the lower bits of the address are an offset into the memory pointed by the page entry
	
	In our case, we don't have a PT and instead, using 2 MiB pages.

